THE FINAL FRONTIER.
Kirk: SPACE:
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
TO BOLDLY GO
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 52.2.
WE HAVE JUST ENTERED
THE DELTA TRIANGLE,
A VAST, UNINHABITED SECTOR
OF OUR GALAXY
OF MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCES
IN WHICH A HIGH NUMBER
OF STARSHIPS
SINCE ANCIENT TIMES.
HAVE BEEN RECORDED
HAS BEEN ASSIGNED
THE ENTERPRISE
SURVEYING THIS AREA,
THE MISSION OF
AND, IF POSSIBLE,
OF THESE DISAPPEARANCES.
DETERMINING THE CAUSE
[BEEPING]
[ALARM BLARING]
SITUATION, MR. SPOCK.
A STATE OF CHAOS, CAPTAIN.
OUR SENSORS ARE IN
WHEN WE ENTERED THE TRIANGLE.
THEY BECAME UNRELIABLE
ON FORWARD SCANNERS,
MAGNIFICATION 10
MR. SULU.
MAGNIFICATION 10, SIR.
[BEEPING]
KLINGON BATTLE CRUISER.
DEFLECTOR SHIELDS UP,
MR. SULU.
DEFLECTORS UP, SIR.
OPEN A HAILING FREQUENCY.
LIEUTENANT UHURA,
READY PHASERS.
PHASERS LOCKED ON TARGET, SIR.
-FIRE.
-FIRING PHASERS.
WHAT I THINK I JUST SAW?
MR. SPOCK, DID YOU SEE
-YES, CAPTAIN.
-EXPLANATION?
I CAN OFFER NONE
AT THIS TIME.
HOWEVER, THE KLINGON SHIP
BY OUR PHASER FIRE.
WAS NOT DESTROYED
DEFLECTED THE PHASERS.
ITS SHIELDS CLEARLY
NOR WAS ITS DISAPPEARANCE
WOULD HAVE BEEN AFFECTED
THE TYPE THAT
ITS CLOAKING DEVICE.
IF IT WERE USING
ON THAT WAVERING EFFECT
ANY SENSOR ANALYSIS
THE SHIP DISAPPEARED?
JUST BEFORE
NOT REGISTERING NORMALLY, SIR.
THE SENSORS ARE STILL
BUT I WOULD VENTURE THE THEORY
IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO
SHIP DISAPPEARANCES
WITH THE MANY
IN THIS AREA.
A NATURAL PHENOMENON.
BUT WHAT?
ON YELLOW ALERT.
DUTY PERSONNEL
VISUAL SCAN 360 DEGREES,
MR. SULU.
SCANNING 360 DEGREES,
SIR.
Kirk: MOUSE-TRAPPED.
IF THE FIRST SHIP
DOESN'T SUCCEED
OUT OF EXISTENCE,
IN BLASTING US
THEY HAVE TWO BACKUP SHIPS
TO DO THE JOB.
TACTICALLY WELL-PLANNED.
INVESTIGATES, WE'LL BE RECORDED
WHEN THE FEDERATION
AS JUST ANOTHER MYSTERIOUS
STARSHIP DISAPPEARANCE.
FROM THE LEAD KLINGON VESSEL.
CAPTAIN, WE ARE RECEIVING
A CLASS-2 SIGNAL
ONE MOMENT, LIEUTENANT.
MR. SULU, ON MY COMMAND,
TO TURN THE ENTERPRISE
I WANT YOU
THE EXACT COORDINATES
AND HEAD FOR
WHERE THE KLINGON
SHIP DISAPPEARED.
YES, SIR.
WARP 8.
PUT THE SIGNAL ON THE MAIN
VIEWING SCREEN, LIEUTENANT,
AND PIPE THE ENTIRE EXCHANGE
BACK TO STARFLEET COMMAND.
THE NEAREST STARBASE, SIR.
THREE WEEKS TO REACH
IT WILL TAKE
LET'S HAVE IT ON THE RECORD.
NONETHELESS,
AYE, SIR. SIGNAL IN.
AS THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
YOU HAVE BEEN IDENTIFIED
LAST KNOWN TO BE IN COMMAND.
CAPTAIN JAMES T. KIRK,
YOUR INFORMATION IS CORRECT.
THIS IS CAPTAIN KIRK.
OF THE KLINGON IMPERIAL FLEET.
I AM COMMANDER KURI
OUR SISTER SHIP, THE KLOTHOS,
THE DESTRUCTION OF
WE HAVE WITNESSED
AND HOLD YOU RESPONSIBLE.
SURRENDER IMMEDIATELY,
OR WE WILL DESTROY YOU.
DESTROY THE KLOTHOS,
WE DID NOT
AND YOU ARE WELL AWARE OF IT,
COMMANDER.
TO BELIEVE SHE JUST VANISHED?
SURELY YOU DON'T EXPECT ME
WHAT YOU LIKE, COMMANDER.
YOU MAY BELIEVE
WE WERE FIRED UPON FIRST
AND RETURNED FIRE.
TURNED ASIDE OUR PHASER FIRE
THE KLOTHOS DEFLECTORS
AND THEN DISAPPEARED.
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
IN THE DELTA TRIANGLE.
BUT WE ARE
I DO NOT ACCEPT THIS.
FRANKLY, COMMANDER,
WHAT YOU ACCEPT IS OF
LITTLE IMPORTANCE TO ME.
ENTERPRISE OUT.
NOW, MR. SULU.
THINKING THEY CAN ESCAPE!
WHAT FOOLS,
AND PREPARE TO OPEN FIRE.
ACCELERATE TO MAXIMUM
GOING TO DEFEND OURSELVES?
Scotty: SIR, AREN'T WE
YOUR DEFLECTOR SHIELDS
ARE DOING THAT FOR US,
MR. SCOTT.
TURN AND RUN, SIR.
BUT TO JUST
WE'LL FIGHT IF WE HAVE TO.
FOR THE EXACT COORDINATES
SULU, ARE WE HEADED
WHERE THE KLOTHOS DISAPPEARED?
WE'LL BE THERE IN 10 SECONDS.
DEAD ON, SIR.
CAPTAIN, OUR DEFLECTOR SHIELDS
HAVE JUST GONE OUT.
SIR, THE--THE INSTRUMENTS.
[ALARMS BLARING]
TH-TH-THEY'VE GONE HAYWIRE.
[RATTLING]
Sulu: I CAN'T ORIENT MYSELF.
EVERYTHING IS...
SUBSPACE RADIO CHANNELS
ARE DEAD, SIR.
[ALARMS BLARING]
WHERE DID THEY GO?
CAPTAIN, I-- I'VE LOST
ALL COORDINATION.
[GROANING]
DIZZY.
SIR, WE SEEM TO BE SUFFERING
FROM SOME FORM OF VERTIGO.
ON THE SAME COORDINATES?
SULU, ARE WE STILL
I--I CAN'T TELL, SIR.
[WEAKLY]
VISION WON'T FOCUS.
[THUD]
CAPTAIN, ON THE VIEW SCREEN.
A VAST SARGASSO SEA.
Kirk: IT'S LIKE
EVERY CIVILIZATION IMAGINABLE.
A GRAVEYARD OF SHIPS FROM
WHERE ARE WE, SIR?
AT ANOTHER PLACE
IN TIME, I THINK.
IF WE CHECK CLOSELY,
I BELIEVE WE'LL FIND
MANY OF THOSE SHIPS
IN THE DELTA TRIANGLE.
DESIGNATED AS LOST
ARE THE ONES
AN ALTERNATE UNIVERSE?
CORRESPONDING TO THAT.
SOMETHING
VANISHED WITHOUT A TRACE.
EVERY SHIP LOST HERE
THE RECORDS SAY
MOST LOGGED COMMUNICATION LOSS
AND DISORIENTATION
JUST BEFORE DISAPPEARANCE.
THEY ENTERED A WINDOW
MY GUESS WAS
TO SOME OTHER CONTINUUM.
COMMENTS, SPOCK?
YOUR LOGIC IS EXCELLENT,
CAPTAIN.
TO THE SHIP DISAPPEARANCES.
THERE IS A RANDOM FACTOR
OF THE TWO TIME CONTINUUMS
PERHAPS THE TOUCHING
IS ERRATIC.
THE WINDOW STAYED OPEN
IN ANY EVENT,
TO FOLLOW THE KLOTHOS IN.
LONG ENOUGH FOR US
AYE, AND WHERE IS
THAT TRICKY DEVIL?
I'VE BEEN SCANNING FOR HER,
SO MANY SHIPS HERE
BUT THERE ARE
IT'S HARD TO PICK UP
A SPECIFIC TRACE.
-STAY ON IT, MR. SULU.
-AYE, SIR.
THERE ARE SHIPS HERE I'VE ONLY
SEEN CRUDE DRAWINGS OF,
Scotty:
PICTURES IN MUSEUMS.
A ROUGH APPROXIMATION
SENSOR SCANS GIVE
OF THE AGE OF THE METAL
IN THE HULLS, CAPTAIN.
SOME OF THEM HAVE BEEN HERE
FOR CENTURIES.
THERE'S THE OLD BONAVENTURE.
CAPTAIN,
TO HAVE WARP DRIVE INSTALLED.
SHE WAS THE FIRST SHIP
SHE VANISHED WITHOUT A TRACE
ON HER THIRD VOYAGE.
MAY STILL BE LIVING, CAPTAIN.
THE CREW'S DESCENDANTS
-THEIR DESCENDANTS?
-YES.
I AM PICKING UP LIFE
AND ENERGY READINGS
FROM THE CLUSTER OF SHIPS
AHEAD OF US.
ARE TOTALLY DEPLETED, SIR.
Kaz: SCANNERS INDICATE
THE ENTERPRISE SHIELDS
TO BATTLE STATIONS.
GOOD. ALL HANDS
PREPARE TO OPEN FIRE
ON THE ENTERPRISE
IMMEDIATELY.
THE KLOTHOS, DEAD AHEAD.
Sulu: CAPTAIN,
SOUND RED ALERT.
PHASERS, LOCK ON TARGET.
PHASERS LOCKED ON.
Sulu: AYE, SIR.
FIRE.
OUR WEAPONRY IS FROZEN.
SIR,
FIRING PHASERS.
FIRE.
-REPORT, SIR.
-Sulu: NO RESPONSE, SIR.
THERE'S NO INDICATION
OF DAMAGE.
ALL INSTRUMENTS
REGISTER NORMAL.
Spock: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
FIRST OFFICER SPOCK RECORDING.
IN AN ALTERNATE UNIVERSE.
WE APPEAR TO BE
POSITION, UNDETERMINED.
TRANSPORTED FROM THE SHIP
CAPTAIN KIRK HAS BEEN
BY AN UNKNOWN POWER.
HIS PRESENT LOCATION
ALSO IS UNDETERMINED.
[CRACKLING]
THAT WILL NOT BE NEEDED HERE,
COMMANDER KOR.
WELCOME TO ELYSIA.
INTERPRETER OF LAWS.
DEVNA,
BEFORE THE RULING COUNCIL.
GENTLEMEN, YOU NOW STAND
REPRESENTATIVES OF 123 RACES.
ELYSIA IS COMPRISED OF
OUR EXISTENCE DATES BACK
OVER 1,000 YEARS.
THESE DIVERSE RACES,
DURING THIS TIME,
MANY OF WHOM WERE ENEMIES
ON THE OUTSIDE,
HAVE LEARNED TO LIVE TOGETHER
BECAUSE THEY MUST.
IS STRICTLY FORBIDDEN
ANY ACT OF VIOLENCE
AS A RESULT,
AND WILL BE DEALT WITH SWIFTLY
AND WITH UTMOST SEVERITY.
QUESTIONS?
AN ALTERNATE UNIVERSE?
ARE WE IN
IT IS MORE APTLY DESCRIBED
IN THE GARMENT OF TIME.
AS A POCKET
FREEZE MY WEAPONRY?
HOW DID YOU
Devna: WE HAVE AMONG US
MANY INDIVIDUALS
GIFTED WITH PSIONIC POWERS,
PEACE BEING OUR SINGLE GOAL.
YOU WERE ATTEMPTING
TO BREAK THAT PEACE.
PRONOUNCE THE LAW.
UNDER OUR LAW,
YOU, AS SHIP CAPTAINS,
ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE BEHAVIOR OF YOUR CREWS.
SHOULD A CREW MEMBER,
WITH OR WITHOUT
YOUR KNOWLEDGE,
OF VIOLENCE WHATSOEVER,
ENGAGE IN ANY FORM
THE ULTIMATE PENALTY --
YOU WILL SUFFER
OF YOUR SHIP FOR A CENTURY.
TOTAL IMMOBILIZATION
A CENTURY?
WE'D ALL BE DEAD
BY THE END OF IT.
NO, COMMANDER KOR.
THIS SMALL UNIVERSE OF OURS
IS A CURIOUS TRAP.
TIME PASSES HERE,
BUT VERY SLOWLY.
A CENTURY MEANS NOTHING TO US.
OUR COUNCIL APPEARS YOUNG,
YET ALL ARE CENTURIES OLD.
MUST BE ALMOST PERFECT,
YOUR LIFE HERE
WANTED TO LEAVE.
IF YOU HAVEN'T
HAVE WANTED TO LEAVE
Xerius: ALL OF US
AT SOME TIME, CAPTAIN KIRK.
THE BEST POSSIBLE WORLD HERE,
BUT WE HAVE MADE
THERE IS NO ESCAPE FROM IT.
BECAUSE WE HAVE FOUND
Kirk: WE ARE GETTING OUT.
THEN WE'D BETTER DO IT
PRETTY QUICK, CAPTAIN.
IT WILL STILL TAKE TIME.
IF WE FIND AN ANSWER,
THAT'S JUST WHAT
WE HAVEN'T GOT.
WHAT'S WRONG, SCOTTY?
DILITHIUM CRYSTALS, SIR.
IT'S OUR
DETERIORATING RAPIDLY.
THEY'RE
-BUT HOW?
-I DON'T KNOW, SIR.
OF THE TIME WARP
WE WENT THROUGH.
MAYBE BECAUSE
FOUR DAYS AT THE MOST
BEFORE POWER GOES.
BUT WE'VE ONLY
IN YOUR COMPUTER, SPOCK?
Kirk: GOT ANY MIRACLES
Spock: IMPOSSIBLE TO PREDICT,
CAPTAIN.
I DON'T WANT A PREDICTION.
YOU WILL START WORK IMMEDIATELY,
AROUND THE CLOCK, NONSTOP,
UNTIL YOU ARRIVE AT A FORMULA
THAT GETS US OUT OF HERE.
Kor: THESE COMPUTATIONS
ARE USELESS.
AND DON'T COME BACK
GET OUT OF HERE
-UNTIL YOU HAVE
A PLAN THAT WORKS.
-YES, SIR.
BEYOND YOUR EYES, MAGEN?
Devna: WHAT DO YOU SEE
TWO NEW SHIPS.
IN EACH, BEINGS LABOR
TO SOLVE THE RIDDLE.
THE TIME TRAP ESCAPE.
THE RIDDLE OF
ESCAPE.
GENTLY, GOOD MAGEN.
RETURN TO US NOW.
IT IS IMPOSSIBLE.
THEY MUST TRY, XERIUS.
BEFORE THEY ACCEPT.
THEY ALL MUST TRY
Kirk: THIS IS THE BEST
YOU COULD COME UP WITH,
MR. SPOCK?
YES, SIR.
EVERY POSSIBILITY? EVERY FACTOR?
HAVE YOU COVERED
SEVERAL TIMES, CAPTAIN.
TO SURRENDER HOPE,
I DO NOT WISH
REMAIN UNCHANGEABLE.
BUT THE FACTS
HE ISN'T GIVING UP.
IF THEY CAN DO IT,
WHY CAN'T WE?
I DO NOT BELIEVE
THEY CAN, SIR.
HIGH RANK PROBABILITY.
THEIR S-2 GRAF UNIT,
WHICH IS ROUGHLY THE EQUIVALENT
OF OUR WARP DRIVE,
DEPLETED ENERGY READINGS.
BEGAN GIVING OFF
TO BLUFF IT THROUGH.
KOR DECIDED TO TRY
AND HIS SHIP UNNECESSARILY?
JEOPARDIZING HIS CREW
TO THE ENGINES, SIR.
HAS BEEN DIVERTED
Kaz: ALL POWER
WE'RE PICKING UP SPEED.
Kirk: YOU WERE
RIGHT, SPOCK.
BUT I ALMOST WISH
THEY'D MADE IT.
THEIR ATTEMPT HAS
GIVEN ME AN IDEA
AS TO HOW WE MAY BE
ABLE TO BREAK THROUGH
THE TIME BARRIER.
MR. SPOCK HAS COME UP
WITH A FORMULA
GET US OUT OF HERE.
WHICH MAY JUST
BUT THIS INVOLVES
COMBINING OUR SHIP
WITH THE KLOTHOS.
THAT IS CORRECT.
TO COOPERATE WITH THOSE...
YOU MEAN YOU WANT US
IF WE WANT TO GET OUT OF HERE,
IT'S OUR ONLY CHOICE.
IT'S A COMPLICATED
NAVIGATION PROBLEM,
TWO SUCH DISPARATE SHIPS.
TRYING TO GUIDE
CONSIDERING WE ONLY
HAVE TWO DAYS LEFT
OF DILITHIUM CRYSTALS
BEFORE OUR SUPPLY
IS EXHAUSTED,
WITH THIS PLAN.
I SAY WE GO
I AGREE, SIR.
I'LL CONTACT KOR RIGHT AWAY.
GOOD.
Xerius: WHAT IS IT?
THESE NEW ONES.
THE TWO SHIPS AND TRY AGAIN.
NOW THEY PLAN TO COMBINE
STOP THEM, XERIUS?
CAN YOU NOT
IT IS NOT AGAINST OUR LAWS
TO TRY TO ESCAPE.
BUT THEY MAY KILL THEMSELVES
IN THESE MAD ATTEMPTS.
WE MUST NOT IMPEDE THEM.
DO NOT BREAK OUR LAWS,
SO LONG AS THEY
EVEN IF THEY DIE?
IT IS THEIR CHOICE.
Kirk: THEN IT'S SETTLED.
WILL GET TO WORK RIGHT AWAY
OUR SCIENCE TEAMS
AND NAVIGATION SYSTEMS
CONJOINING OUR WARP
SO WE WILL FUNCTION
AS A SINGLE SHIP.
EXCHANGE OF PERSONNEL
AND COMPUTER HOOKUP
TO START AS SOON AS
WE ARE BEAMED BACK
TO OUR SHIP.
-AGREED.
-MR. SPOCK?
I CANNOT TELL YOU
HOW IMPRESSED I AM
SPIRIT OF COOPERATION.
BY YOUR SPLENDID
MR. SPOCK.
FORGIVE ME, COMMANDER.
I WAS OVERCOME BY THE MOMENT.
GOODBYE.
GOODBYE, MR. SPOCK.
CAPTAIN KIRK.
THE STORIES OF HIS
BEING HALF-HUMAN
MUST BE TRUE.
PERHAPS THE TIME CONTINUUM
AFFECTED HIS MIND.
HAVEN'T BECOME AFFECTED.
I WONDER IF WE ALL
EXPLAIN YOURSELF.
WITH YOUR OLD ENEMY, KIRK.
YOUR WILLINGNESS TO WORK
IT IS NOT LIKE YOU,
COMMANDER.
REALLY HAVE IN MIND?
WHAT DO YOU
YOU DO KNOW ME, KAZ.
VERY WELL.
WHAT WOULD YOU THINK IF
THE ENTERPRISE SUDDENLY
DISINTEGRATED
AFTER OUR DUAL SHIP HAD PIERCED
THE TIME CONTINUUM?
I WOULD THINK MY COMMANDER
HAD MANEUVERED BRILLIANTLY.
Kor: AND IT CAN BE ARRANGED,
PRACTICALLY SPEAKING?
A RATHER HIGH RISK FACTOR,
GIVEN THE TIME INVOLVED
Kaz: IT IMPLIES
AND KIRK'S HIGHLY
SUSPICIOUS NATURE.
BUT I BELIEVE IT
CAN BE ARRANGED.
VERY GOOD, KAZ.
TO ATTEND TO THE DETAILS
I WILL LEAVE IT TO YOU
OF THE ENTERPRISE'S DESTRUCTION.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 5267.6.
WE ARE IN THE FINAL STAGES
OUR ESCAPE FROM ELYSIA.
PREPARATORY TO MAKING
ESCAPE BY TOMORROW
WE MUST MAKE OUR
OR OUR DILITHIUM CRYSTALS
WILL BE TOO DEPLETED,
TRAPPED HERE FOREVER.
AND WE WILL BE
-BEG YOUR PARDON, SIR.
-WHAT IS IT, GABLER?
BELL AND I ARE THE RELIEF GUARD
FOR THE DILITHIUM VAULT.
WE ARRIVED A FEW MINUTES LATE
AND FOUND THEM POKING AROUND.
-WE WERE LOST.
-Gabler: LOST, MY FOOT.
AS A RESTRICTED AREA.
IT'S CLEARLY POSTED
YOU KNEW YOU WEREN'T
SUPPOSED TO BE THERE.
THERE HAS BEEN A MISTAKE.
GENTLEMEN, I AM SURE
SUPPOSED TO BE WORKING?
WHERE ARE YOU
ENGINEERING, DECK 5.
THIS YOUNG MAN TO HIS WORK AREA.
CAPTAIN, ALLOW ME TO ESCORT
VERY WELL, MR. SPOCK.
UNTIL YOU'VE BEEN RELIEVED.
RETURN TO YOUR POST
AND DON'T LEAVE IT
AYE, SIR.
JIM, I'M WORRIED ABOUT SPOCK.
HE'S JUST NOT ACTING NORMAL.
HE'S UNDER A LOT OF PRESSURE,
BONES.
BUT I'VE NEVER KNOWN SPOCK
I KNOW THAT,
UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES,
TO ACT LIKE A PAL
-LEAST OF ALL TOWARD KLINGONS.
-THAT'S TRUE.
AND IF HE'S COMING APART, JIM,
WE'RE IN SERIOUS TROUBLE.
HINGES ON HIS COMPUTATIONS.
GETTING OUT OF HERE
I'LL TALK TO HIM, BONES.
IT'S ALL I CAN DO.
EVERYTHING SEEMS
TO BE IN ORDER.
PERSON WHO CAN REALLY BE SURE.
BUT, THEN, YOU'RE THE ONLY
-ISN'T THAT RIGHT, SPOCK?
-YES, CAPTAIN.
WHY DO YOU ASK?
YOUR RECENT BEHAVIOR.
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
I BELIEVE THERE IS, CAPTAIN.
BUT NOT WITHIN ME.
I SENSED SOMETHING STRANGE
ABOUT THE KLINGONS
ABOARD THE KLOTHOS.
WHEN WE WERE
THEY WERE TOO AGREEABLE,
TOO WILLING TO COOPERATE.
WHY IS THAT UNUSUAL?
THEY WANT TO GET OUT OF HERE
AS MUCH AS WE DO.
HAD I NOT TOUCHED THEM,
I WOULD HAVE AGREED
WITH YOU, CAPTAIN.
BUT EVEN THOUGH CONTACT
WAS NECESSARILY LIMITED
AND THEIR MINDS
WERE SUSPICIOUS,
I PICKED UP SOME INDICATION
TO SABOTAGE THE ENTERPRISE.
THEY ARE PLANNING
SABOTAGE?! HOW? WHEN?
I CANNOT SAY.
NEAR THE DILITHIUM VAULT
THE KLINGON FOUND
KNEW NOTHING SPECIFIC.
OF SABOTAGE IN THE OFFING.
BUT THERE IS SOME KIND
THEY NEED US TO GET THROUGH
THE TIME BARRIER,
TO GET THROUGH AT ALL.
IF THEY'RE
THIS IS CAPTAIN KIRK.
SECURITY,
I WANT ALL SECURITY TEAMS
ON DUTY AROUND THE CLOCK.
WATCH EVERY KLINGON WHO SETS
FOOT ABOARD THIS SHIP.
I DON'T WANT ONE OF THEM
WE DON'T KNOW ABOUT.
TO MAKE A MOVE
YOU HAVE THE DEVICE, KAZ?
BY MY CALCULATIONS,
THE CAPSULE WILL BE TRIGGERED
OUR DUAL SHIP REACHES WARP 8.
THE EXACT MOMENT
APPROXIMATELY THREE MINUTES
AFTER THE TIME BARRIER
IS PIERCED
AND WE HAVE DISENGAGED,
WILL DISINTEGRATE.
THE ENTERPRISE
EXCELLENT!
KALI, YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
THEY ENTERTAIN US,
Kor: TONIGHT
THEY WILL RECEIVE IN RETURN
WILL BE THEIR DESTRUCTION.
BUT THE GIFT
BEAUTIFULLY DONE.
I THANK YOU, CAPTAIN.
YOU HAVE SEEN THE DANCE
OF ORION WOMEN BEFORE?
MANY TIMES.
-I WISH...
-YES?
I WISH I COULD RETURN
THROUGH THE TIME BARRIER
AND SEE ORION AGAIN.
YOU COULD GO.
-WE'RE WILLING TO
TAKE PASSENGERS.
-NO.
WE HAVE ALL SEEN THE FUTILITY
YOU SEE,
OF ATTEMPTING TO ESCAPE.
DREAMED OF BREAKING FREE.
ONCE EACH OF US
THEN WE CAME TO UNDERSTAND
IT COULD NOT BE DONE,
AND WE ACCEPTED
OUR LIFE HERE.
WE BELIEVE IT CAN BE DONE.
THEN I SHALL NOT INTERFERE
WITH YOUR DREAM, CAPTAIN.
GET AWAY FROM HER, HUMAN.
THIS IS MY WOMAN.
NOW JUST A MINUTE. ALL I DID
WAS ASK HER TO DANCE.
SHE DIDN'T HAVE TO SAY YES.
BONES.
STOP!
SHIP CAPTAINS
AND THESE TWO
TO THE COUNCIL CHAMBER
NOW TO FACE CHARGES.
WILL COME
[RATTLING]
[BEEPING]
ANY FORM OF VIOLENCE
IS FORBIDDEN HERE.
Xerius: YOU KNOW
YOUR MAN BEGAN THE FIGHT
AND ATTEMPTED TO KILL.
THE KLOTHOS AND ITS CREW
I PROPOSE WE FREEZE
FOR A STAR CENTURY.
-MAY I SPEAK?
-YOU MAY.
WERE PREPARING TO ATTEMPT
Kirk: CAPTAIN KOR AND I
AN ESCAPE FROM HERE TOMORROW.
IF YOU HIBERNATE
THE KLOTHOS,
BE PUNISHING THEM BUT US.
YOU WILL NOT ONLY
AS A SINGLE SHIP.
WE CANNOT LEAVE
OUR DUAL SHIP TO DEPART
TOMORROW AS SCHEDULED.
I URGE YOU TO PERMIT
TO YOUR OWN TIME CONTINUUM
GETTING BACK
IS THAT IMPORTANT TO YOU?
-YES.
-Xerius: YOU WILL FAIL.
WE MUST TRY, XERIUS.
ELYSIA IS, IN MANY RESPECTS,
A PERFECT SOCIETY.
BUT WITH ALL ITS VIRTUES,
IT IS NOT HOME.
IS WHERE WE PREFER TO BE.
WITH ALL ITS FAULTS,
AND HOME,
THESE RENEGADES WITH YOU?
Xerius: YOU WOULD TAKE
-WE NEED THEM.
-Xerius: VERY WELL.
I RELEASE CAPTAIN KOR
INTO YOUR CUSTODY.
GOOD LUCK TO YOU,
CAPTAIN KIRK.
YOU WILL BE NEEDING IT.
ACCELERATE TO WARP 6.
Kirk: READY TO
READY, SIR.
THREE, TWO, ONE. ACCELERATE.
Kirk:
Magen: NO!
HAVE HIDDEN AN EXPLOSIVE
THE KLINGONS
ABOARD THE ENTERPRISE.
SHE WILL BE DESTROYED.
ENTERPRISE, THIS IS XERIUS!
COME IN, ENTERPRISE.
WARP 7, CAPTAIN.
SIR, XERIUS IS CALLING US.
HE SAYS IT'S URGENT.
ON AUDIO, LIEUTENANT.
Xerius: CAPTAIN KIRK!
EXPLOSIVE IN YOUR COMPUTER ROOM.
THE KLINGONS HAVE PLACED AN
IN THE WARP CONTROL PANEL.
MAGEN SAYS IT IS LOCATED
WHEN YOU REACH WARP 8.
IT WILL GO OFF
SPOCK. SCOTTY.
Kaz: APPROACHING WARP 8, SIR.
Kor: THE BARRIER.
[BEEPING]
THERE IT IS, SIR.
Uhura: CAPTAIN KIRK,
A RADIO TRANSMISSION
I'M PICKING UP
CAPTAIN KOR INTENDED
FOR HIS HOME BASE.
FOR OUR ESCAPE FROM ELYSIA.
HE TOOK FULL CREDIT
WHY, THAT SCOUNDREL.
IT DOESN'T MATTER, BONES.
IT DOESN'T?
Kirk: THAT'S WHAT MATTERS.